Upgrade rewrites for v24.3 (#19098)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/upgrade-cockroach-version.md

## Overview

{% include common/upgrade/overview.md %}

{% include_cached {{ site.current_cloud_version }}/upgrade-requirements.md %}

> {% include common/upgrade/upgrade-high-level.md %}

Author: These are high-level steps about **what happens** during a major-version upgrade, not a summary of what **the user does** during a major-version upgrade. In CC, CC does the upgrade, but it's still important for the admin to understand what is going on.

## Overview

{% include common/upgrade/overview.md %}

{% include_cached {{ site.current_cloud_version }}/upgrade-requirements.md %}

{% include common/upgrade/upgrade-high-level.md %}

### Availability during an upgrade

> For CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.standard }} and CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.basic }}, a cluster's resources are not impacted by an ongoing upgrade.

Author: Done

> For CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.advanced }}, nodes are upgraded one at a time in a rolling fashion, and the cluster's resources are reduced as each node is upgraded. If you have [configured a maintenance window]({% link cockroachcloud/advanced-cluster-management.md %}) for a CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.advanced }} cluster, automatic patch upgrades are applied during the maintenance window. Major-version upgrades must be initiated manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.advanced }}, nodes are upgraded one at a time in a rolling fashion. Multi-node clusters will remain available during the upgrade, but will have reduced capacity as each node restarts. Single-node clusters will be unavailable while the node restarts.

## Upgrades and maintenance windows

If you have [configured a maintenance window]({% link cockroachcloud/advanced-cluster-management.md %}) for a CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.advanced }} cluster, automatic patch upgrades are applied during the maintenance window. Major-version upgrades must be initiated manually.
```

I suggest restoring the heading, as it leads into the following paragraph/callout as well.

Author: Done, but made it an H3 under the Overview.
